you trust your leaders to destroy what
do you think they will use it the flag
may be different but the methods are
same they will use you as their used me
you must decide decide what you think is
worth fighting for rhodora CH prof sheng
co star these men must die
poisons mission at calhoun was
accomplished here discovered Djokovic is
MJ and over six the nerve toxin so
deadly that have exposed you did before
you hit the floor jacket makes his
weapon go back to Vietnam listen who's
Victor is now still with you after you
escaped to the back knee compound reznov
was with me the whole time or you're
sure north we went north viacom we were
shut down and res not even survived that
Dragovich his laptop kreschenko was
there you come
Oh
this is Hotel 91 we are going down
inspector Bravo tango seven Niner Mayday
Mayday Davis faster with me Chris Davis
talk to me pray you okay shit my legs
tell you almost completed I need the
belt here stead you're coming
this is much
we're going on
karni warned
sharp Mason they're out there when I try